[Applause]
and I leave you
and we say no
He did not know
[Music]
for do
we need you not to go out
[Music]
yes
and this is presented jesse castle the
paisana bertero of los angeles breaks
so that you to dance strong
we go there without actions
we would be in this scenario
and so on to the adversaries
if she
[Music]
and I of Easter
two
without more
life
[Music]
i
of ezcaray
[Applause]
[Music]
but do not just go ahead
many friends from the north
that day
this day arrived
specifically to win and so
[Music]
above
to the light
[Music]
I do not know
please I will not tell you
I'm in love with ideas instead of
break customs send
but not
I beg
in the three countries
and she wants
national
it is real
yes
I listen, please, I will not tell you
I'm in love with the customs
although her best friends to be able
I do not understand
[Music]
the two women
and now
I looked at the areas
things are not like that
I'm going to tell you
I'm in love
in the world
but
no no
[Music]
it is not like that
no way
[Applause]
[Music]
if not
to the areas
all right
no no no
I want
the spring nights
Goodnight
pretty
[Music]
the values ​​only you are you